hello everyone and welcome to
the finance visualization project
to begin we noticed that in an accounting or
finance class students have trouble visualizing
how balance sheets operate and therefore have
trouble figuring out how they actually work so
we put together balance sheet information for
16 companies across a 12-year period to better
understand how different companies operate so in
our left view you're able to compare and contrast
different companies with filtering to choose which
ones to include and which ones not to include
here you're also able to utilize our tool
tips to dive deeper into specific accounts
where each company has asset, liability,
and equity breakdowns per year
by clicking on a firm you're able to dive
deeper into it seeing trends over time for
specific accounts as well as being able
to filter into these specific accounts
then let's say you wanted to figure out a specific
value at a given year, you're able to filter by
year and take a look at the percentage of
total assets that that specific account is
let's say a user wanted to see the differences
between Apple and IBM at a specific time for
example 2013. they're able to see specific values
for these accounts as well as trends over time
it's important to note that the left
view shows everything as a proportion
so as you can see here assets make
up a hundred percent of itself while
liabilities and Equity add up to that
hundred percent so if you click through
you're able to see trends over time as well
as specific data at a given point in time